# COVID Resolutions

In response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, our Chapter resolves to continue operations within the recommendations of campus and local authorities and continue the pursuance of our Chapter's Cause. The Executive Board shall execute this Resolution by following [the Chapter Response Plan](http://covid.utahtriangle.org) presented to our Chapter and ratified by a **strong majority** of our Chapter's Legislature.

In response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, each Brother of our Chapter resolves to continue his commitment to rigorous study, a creditable scholastic record, and the pursuance of excellence within his field of study during this time. Our Chapter and Academic Council resolves to encourage each Brother to continue his studies during this period. If a Brother does choose to take a leave of absence from his studies at the University, he resolves to adhere to our Chapter's [Academic Improvement Plan](#) during the first term of his return to his studies.

In response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, our Chapter resolves to continue our routine Chapter Meetings. Our Chapter shall also resolve that the [fulfillment of any Brother's commitment to regularly attend Chapter Meetings](#) may be satisifed by digital attendance. The Chapter Administrator shall ensure there is infrastructure available for brothers to digitally attend Chapter Meetings.

In response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, our Chapter resolves to consider any Brother's commitment to being an active and regular participant in Chapter events **fulfilled in full** in the case that Brother feels it is in the best interest of themselves or others that they do not physically attend a physically-held event. The Brother resolves to notify our Chapter's Vice President of any absence under these circumstances. This resolution shall apply to all our Chapter's physically-held events, including Initiation.

In response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic, our Chapter resolves that leaves of absence and significant financial or personal struggles prohibiting full Chapter participation are reasonable circumstances for any Brother to seek a [special status](#) to his membership in our Chapter. Any Brother undergoing these circumstances shall still require an approval from the Judicial Board of our Chapter for his special status.

Our Chapter resolves that any Resolution made in response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic shall naturally expire and be removed from our Chapter's set of Resolutions at the conclusion of the pandemic as judged by a **strong majority** of our Chapter. At the beginning of each term during the pandemic, our Chapter resolves to revisit every Resolution made in response to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic and adjust them by a **simple majority** as necessary.